= 2011-04-05 = 
  * Technical Time (Maurizio Baffico, Ruben Soto)
  * General Overview of the ESO50cm control software/hardware by Maurizio. 
     * Startup procedure reviewed
     * Identification of critical processes.
     * Detection and analysis of common failures.
  * Analysis for the replacement of SCB by a PC with serial connection. In principle this option is not feasible since it required modifications to the electronic boards (PIC) which read the telescope position.
  * Creation of tcs and tcsmgr accounts on operator console. 
  * Start implementation of ESO50cmStartup script which allows to start the system from the operator console without intervention at SBC computer. This script also consider the implementation of a monitoring process which will stop the telescope is a risk position is reached.

= 2011-04-12 = 
  * Technical Time (Maurizio Baffico, Tzu-Chiang Shen, Pedro Escarate)
  * Upgrade the O.S. of the TS-7800 Single Board Computer
    * Preparing SD card with newer version of Debian operative system 
    * The current on is Debian GNU/Linux 3.1, which is from 2006
    * We need at least version 5 (lenny) from 2010. This requirement is to install ICE framework 
    * The internet speed was slow and unstable, we decided that Maurizio will create the SD card at San Joaquin tomorrow
  * I showed Maurizio and Pedro the purpose of ICE, and we discussed about how to proceed with the refactoring
    * A virtual machine with ubuntu was prepared. Inside of it a ARM emulator is running (to emulate the TS7800)
    * The ARM emulator has Debian 5.0 and ICE-E 1.2 installed.
    * A demo with fake process TCS was created, and another client (process in another machine) could invoke a method in the server
    * A new class Tcs will be created and will be the facade which will cover the current telescope61 and lcu's functionalities
    * A new Tcs class will be object oriented with c++ 

= 2011-04-19 =
   * Technical Time (Maurizio Baffico, Johnny Reveco)
   * Installed SD with the new OS (debian Lenny)
   * Maurizio tested that the old software is still compiling and running with the new OS
   * Checked Debiand version:
      * Debian GNU/Linux 5.0 \n \l
   * Checked needed packages:
     * Already Installed:
        * gcc-4.3         - The GNU C compiler  
        * zeroc-icee      - Embedded edition of the ZeroC Ice      
     * Installed subversion:
        * subversion      - Advanced version control system   
   * Re-created user and groups tcs and tcsmgr. Pointed their old HOME directory in the HDD
   * Re-created /eso50cm link
   * Downloaded code from SVN
      * To compile: run  make clean;make; make all (make clean all is not working)
   * client and LCU Control Successfully tested, both running inside the SBC. The encoder position could be successfully retrieved by LCUControl after being invoked by the client. Logs sent to Tzu
   * Modified client to run from remotely from my laptop. After some minor adjustments needed to make it compile under ubuntu maverick (ice3.3 instead of iceE), it worked like a charm. With this result, we're in position of say that the software implementation using ICE is feasible.
   * Tried some basic example of IceStorm. After dig around for a while, I realize that the porting of IceStorm to ICEe is not straightforward. It should be manually ported from the ICE distribution or just ICE. 